The software respects and protects the privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the Software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. However, the software will treat such information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Software will not disclose such information or provide it to any third party without your prior permission. The software will update this Privacy policy from time to time. By agreeing to this Software Service Usage Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to all contents of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy policy is an integral part of the Software Service Usage Agreement.

1. Scope of application a) Information automatically received and recorded by the software on your mobile phone when you use the network service of the software, including but not limited to your geographical location, language used, access date and time, software and hardware characteristics information and other data;

2. Use of information a) After obtaining your data, the software will save the data to the local, so that you can better use the service.

3. Information disclosure a) The Software will not disclose your information to untrusted third parties. b) Disclose to a third party or an administrative or judicial organ in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or at the request of an administrative or judicial organ; c) If you violate relevant Chinese laws, regulations or rules, you need to disclose to a third party;

4. Information storage and exchange The information and data about you collected by the software will be saved in the Software.

5. Information security a) When using the services of the software, you will inevitably use Bluetooth, geolocation, WiFi, etc. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, please contact the customer service of the Software immediately so that the software can take corresponding measures.


本软件尊重并保护所有使用服务用户的个人隐私权。为了给您提供更准确、更有个性化的服务，本软件会按照本隐私权政策的规定使用和披露您的个人信息。但本软件将以高度的勤勉、审慎义务对待这些信息。除本隐私权政策另有规定外，在未征得您事先许可的情况下，本软件不会将这些信息对外披露或向第三方提供。本软件会不时更新本隐私权政策。您在同意本软件服务使用协议之时，即视为您已经同意本隐私权政策全部内容。本隐私权政策属于本软件服务使用协议不可分割的一部分。

1. 适用范围 a) 在您使用本软件网络服务，本软件自动接收并记录的您的手机上的信息，包括但不限于您的地理位置、使用的语言、访问日期和时间、软硬件特征信息等数据；

2. 信息的使用 a) 在获得您的数据之后，本软件将保存数据到本地，以便您能够更好地使用服务。

3. 信息披露 a) 本软件不会将您的信息披露给不受信任的第三方。 b) 根据法律的有关规定，或者行政或司法机构的要求，向第三方或者行政、司法机构披露； c) 如您出现违反当地有关法律、法规或者相关规则的情况，需要向第三方披露；

4. 信息存储和交换 本软件收集的有关您的信息和资料将保存在本软件上。

5. 信息安全 a) 在使用本软件的服务时，您不可避免的要使用蓝牙、地理定位、WiFi 等。请您妥善保护自己的个人信息，仅在必要的情形下向他人提供。如您发现自己的个人信息泄密，请您立即联络本软件客服，以便本软件采取相应措施。
